# REST API for reddit submissions from the NBA community
#www.reddit-nba-api.stream

## Description

This RESTFUL API returns reddit submissions JSON data including title, timestamp, submission url and a unit of measure used to determine the significance of the submission. 

The database of these submissions deemed significant were generated by a process that looked at all NBA reddit submissions from within all 31 communities. The submissions were selected by a process that identified spikes in submission activity and then extracted the highest rated submission in that time frame.

The API offers the following __GET__ methods to retrieve specific data from the postgresql db.

* All submissions for particular season year and subseason and subreddit:

endpoint : /sigsubs/<year>-<sub_season>&<subreddit>

e.g :- www.reddit-nba-api.stream/sigsubs/2015-reg_season&LAL

Returns significant submissions during the 2015 regular season for the Los Angeles Lakers subreddit community.

* All submissions for a particular season year and subreddit:

endpoint : /sigsubs_yrteam/<year>&<subreddit>
e.g :- www.reddit-nba-api.stream/sigsubs_yrteam/2015&LAL
Returns significant submissions during the whole 2015 NBA season (including playoffs, offseason and regular season) for the Los Angeles Lakers subreddit community.

* All submissions for particular subreddit across all years:

endpoint : /sigsubs_sub/<subreddit>
e.g :- www.reddit-nba-api.stream/sigsubs_sub/LAL
Returns all significant submissions across all years for the Los Angeles Lakers subreddit community.

* All submissions across all years for partiulcar subseason and subreddit:

endpoint : /sigsubs_seasonsub/<sub_season>&<subreddit>
e.g :- www.reddit-nba-api.stream/sigsubs_seasonsub/offseason&LAL
Returns significant submissions from offseasons across all NBA seasons for the Los Angeles Lakers subreddit community.


There is additionally a __POST__ method available to update the database with new submission data if needed.
endpoint : /submission/<unique_reddit_submission_id>
reuquired header: {
	"yearseason_id":,
	"subreddit_id":,
	"submission_title":"",
	"timestamp":"",
	"std_measure":,
	"submission_url": ""
	}

	
Finally there is __DELETE__ method available to delete a submission by its unique reddit submission id.
endpoint: /submission/<unique_reddit_submission_id>


## Implementation

This project was implemented with the following:
Flask
Postgresql
sqlalchemy
Nginx
uwsgi

The API exists on a server running Ubuntu 16.04 by way of Digital Ocean.

